[For the community, by the community, of the community]{.underline}

Pydelhi, organised its biweekly meetup on Saturday, 01 September 2018
which certainly proved the right way to commemorate the beginning of the
month. The meetup was organized at e2e networks, which certainly stood
by its name, helping us to "network" and learn from the members of the
community by providing us the comfortable venue.

The meetup started at 11:00 a.m. amidst the presence of enthusiastic
learners who introduced themselves and provided an insight into each of
their tech stack. One of the many newly arrived python enthusiast was
Gaurav Jain, who gave a talk on "How to make a crud rest APIs in 20
minutes", that explained what rest APIs are?, types of requests needed
to make a crud application, How to work on django rest API using the raw
implementation of Jsonresponse, The need of serializers for SQL
database, How to use django rest framework\'s modelserializer and
modelviewset.

With a coffee break to settle our minds, we were greeted with another
enlightening talk by Mr Amit Singh Sethi, titled "django on day 500",
that comprehended an authentic situation wherein a group of developers
struggle as their business scale ,,because what it demands primarily is
"growth,growth,growth!!!" As quoted by Amit. However the problems are
solved with "django", which firmly and eloquently manages your database,
provides a distributed environment, and increases the transparency of
your django app.

![](media/image1.jpg){width="5.841666666666667in"
height="4.308333333333334in"}

*Mr Amit Sethi explaining the beauty of Django on day 500 to upscale any
business model *

The insightful talk made us all hungry for more knowledge and food
alike, thus we headed to the cafeteria space to grab the tasty lunch
waiting for us.

After the heartfelt lunch, the much awaited lightning talk session
started, marking its initiation by Vipul Gupta, who clarified doubts
regarding "how to contribute to open source", followed by "scrapping
dynamic JS pages" by Aaqa Ishtyaq, which paved way to an awe-inspiring
talk by Mr Akshay on "success stories of python and use of python in the
industry" which delivered the very essence of python as a tool helping
us achieve what seems impossible to attain. Amidst the inspiration,
Rohan demonstrated how a life wrecking experience such as a car
accident, can be an inspiration for him to build a life saver system in
vehicle. Thus lightning talks certainly stood by their name, they were
short yet "impactful", and within a span of a time we realized it was
time to wrap up.

![](media/image2.jpg){width="6.091666666666667in" height="4.475in"}

*Vipul explaining "How to contribute to open source" to fellow
attendees*

![](media/image3.jpg){width="4.858333333333333in"
height="3.6083333333333334in"}

*Success stories written with the help of python, inspired the
attendees.*

The keynote here is fact that even though it rained heavily, our day
didn't went gloomy, because we communicated with the best people and
learned from them. So it was as bright as the sun, or maybe brighter.

![](media/image4.jpg){width="5.518055555555556in"
height="3.8666666666666667in"}

*A day ending with the note of "learning, contributing and winning"*
